>> Lukas Ruebbelke: / So let's just take
a minute and recap what just happened.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We have
two presentation components,
the project details, and so,
somebody would say, well,
there's state in here is that
truly a presentation component.
Well, I would say, I don't know,
if you wanna get the dictionary out and
fight about it, I don't really care,
call it whatever you want.
The point is all the state that's in here,
is presentational state, and
that's what matters.
And then in the project list component,
I know you're around here somewhere, even
better, there's nothing happening in here.
So this is truly stateless.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Templates
are pretty straight-forward, but
now we've taken the kind of
that large bit of code or
that we've broken it out,
because one of the biggest
problems with having code
that's kinda monolithic.
So, especially if something's nested,
you can never reuse that.
Like while I was in here, if I'm like I
just want the form, I don't want the list.
Give me the form, I don't want the list,
or give me the list,
I don't want the form.
Impossible, cuz they're coupled together.
And that's the problem when you have one,
you miss concerns, and
then they are nested or
essentially coupled together, so
that you can't pick one
up without the other.
You can't test one without the other.
And so this to me, in a very simple
example, I think illustrates
how to work around a lot of
conceptual problems as programmers.
But then sets a pattern for
how to think about programming as a whole.
Because when I ask somebody hey,
do you understand redux?
And they're like, no, and
I've got five minutes to figure it out,
I simply come to do you
understand inputs and outputs?
Do you understand that data goes in and
events come out?
Input data in, events out?
You understand redux?
That is essentially that pattern,
state down events up.
And then tomorrow we'll kind
of expand out on that and
we'll see that at an application level.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a command
line short-cut to generate the least
details components in a similar way
to the first time you generated
component for projects, component for-
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
the beauty of the Angular CLI, and this
is what you're actually seeing with like
Narwhal, is that you can extend the CLI
to do custom generators via schematics.
And so somebody could if they
haven't already, could sit down and
create a schematic for
a master detail for you.
And so it would be pretty interesting
to say, here's this data model.
Or not even a data model just
the basic structure of it.
Then you just pick it up and
you plug your stuff in.
Because whether I'm dealing with,
in this case projects or customers.
Like it is very conventional in
the sense of that I'm going to probably
do it the same way every single time.
And so, when you have strong
conventions around data modelling,
then it's very easy to automate
a lot of these things.
And so this is world like with like ngrx,
or even REDEX,
people talk about boiler plate.
And I'd encourage people, when you see
something that's the same over and
over, don't mistake convention for
repetition.
It's that there's a reason why everything
is the same because its uniform,
its conventional, and its consistent.
Versus I would say if something is
repetitious then, or it's even boiler
plate, I said the B word, that you can
take that out and you can still function.
That's when I think of boiler plate,
is it's crufty, unnecessary code.
But, when you have a bunch of fine grain
single purpose functions, that are doing
one thing, then of course things are going
to be a little bit more verbose,
because you're breaking everything out.
So, to answer your question, possibly,
but definitely somebody could.
And it would just be
a matter of sitting down and
writing a custom schematic to do that.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
what does everyone think about this?
Like the idea of component driven
architecture, inputs and outputs,
container components that get the data,
pass it in, listen for events,
delegate it back up.
And whenever I see a presentational
component like this,
I just get all googly eyed and giggly.
Because this is incredibly stable,
incredibly portable.
>> Speaker 3: Will you be
getting into any validation
of the details of the product?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
if you look in the, so, full caveat.
There is things that are in the code,
that we ran out of time to talk about.
But the reason why I built out the full
fledged application in the reference
branch, is because,
even though depending on how this went,
there were just going to be things that
I knew I would not be able to get to.
But there is,
I'd recommend everybody to go, and
if you look in the reference branch,
there's definitely validations in here.
And so there's validations,
there is interceptors, route guards.
And what I'll even do to that end is,
in the Wiki,
flush this out as well and
call out some of these specific things.